Delegation updates (#487)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/change-restake-settings.rst

Change restake settings (Single-signature account)
==================================================

> #. Go to **Accounts** and select the account whose baker stake you want to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to **Accounts** and select the account whose baker restake preferences you want to change.
```
I guess? It is a little akward, because it is now together with the update stake and not its own transaction anymore.

#. Click **More options** and select **Baking**.

#. Click **Update baker stake**.

> #. You can change the staked amount, if desired. Select whether you want to restake earnings or not, and then select **Continue**.

Reviewer 2: Since this page is not about updating the staked amount, probably there should be a caveat here about cool-down with respect to reducing the staked amount, and/or a link to the relevant section of the "update the staked amount" page. (And similarly for multi-sig.)

Change restake settings (Multi-signature account)
=================================================

#. Go to **Multi Signature Transactions**, select **Make new proposal**, and then select **Update baker stake**.

> #. Select the **Account** whose baker keys you want to update, and then select **Continue**. Only baker accounts are listed.

Reviewer: This should be updated like the same paragraph for singlesig. (So that it doesn't refer to updating keys)
